.TH vzpkgcache 8 "May 23, 2005" "Virtuozzo" "Virtual Private Servers"
.SH NAME
vzpkgcache \- create a tarball (cache) of VPS private area
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBvzpkgcache\fR [\fB-f\fR|\fB--force\fR] [\fIosname\fR [...]]
.br
\fBvzpkgcache\fR [\fB-r\fR|\fB--remove\fR] \fIosname\fR [...]
.br
\fBvzpkgcache\fR \fB-h\fR|\fB--help\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
This utility creates a tarballs of the potential VPS for all available
(or given) OS templates and puts them into \fB\f(CW/vz/template/cache/\fR
directory. Such tarball (also known as "OS template cache") is to be
used later during \fB\f(CWvzctl create\fR stage -- it is simply deployed
into the VPS private area.
.P
If no \fIosname\fRs are given, all OS templates are worked on. This rule
is not applied when using \fB-r\fR option -- in this case you have to specify
\fIosname\fR explicitly.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
Force new tarball creation. Without this option, and if cache for given
OS template already exists, utility tries to update its packages. With
this option, cache tarball is created "from scratch".
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-remove\fR
Remove caches for given OS template(s).
.SH FILES
\fB\f(CW/etc/sysconfig/vz\fR
.br
\fB\f(CW/usr/share/vzpkg/*\fR
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
\fBvzpkgcache\fR returns 0 upon successful execution. 
If anything goes wrong, it returns 1
and prints a diagnostic message on stderr.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report bugs to bugs@virtuozzo.org.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BI vzctl (8)\fR,
.BI vzyum (8)\fR.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2005, SWsoft. Distributed under QPL.
.SH AUTHOR
Kir Kolyshkin <kir@sw.ru>
